make map id more efficent, currently there is still a lot of repeat.
devent initial idle animation if idle animation exists. with the direction, so when map is refreshed check event_page.direction and check for the idle anim, if so, call event.play_animation(idle_dir)
make event id more efficient, increment number, so one event can have same name, but the id is always the different.
add window to set variable and switch and items.

✓ dialogue portrait and finishing.
✓ add narator view.
✓ cutscene movement.
✓ grid movement loop.
✓ impelement moving text on dialogue if overflow.
✓ static event page commands.
✓ player still can walk when console is opened after game r
✓ z index problem on spawnable animation.
✓ error when refresh map after load.
✓ migrate to new database system for asset.
✓ internal switch event page action.
✓ internal switch in console.
✓ spawnable animation with offset.
✓ add filter items to inventory.
✓ update items after inventory item is used/consume.
✓ event page action, a class that group all available function to call through event commands.
✓ inventory and inventory prompt.
✓ choices prompt.
✓ change map id to string, not enum.
✓ add a way to add a field in save system.
✓ event can be trigger when opening inventory.
✓ create save and load system with multiple slot.
✓ add dump for console commands.
✓ move player related command into player.
✓ game goto dan player set pos.
✓ add escape key to close the console.
✓ player cannot move again when console is opened when character is walking.
✓ add keyboard ctrl + ` to toggle in game console.
✓ fix text autocomplete when cursor is not in the end of the label.
✓ add limit to autocomplete.
✓ add outline to autocomplete.
✓ console auto complete.
✓ validator return value, null if failed.
✓ validate args in console.
✓ in game console.
✓ manage the event commands for event page.
✓ multiple widget manager.
✓ widget initial value.
✓ hand pointer.
✓ widget.
✓ add idle to wandering trait.
✓ display image.
✓ create scene map.
✓ look at interact is not changing to initial graphic.
✓ variable and global switch.
✓ walking and idle.
✓ idle and look at relationship.
✓ add internal switch.
✓ event movement traits.
